Matrix is looking for a the right person to work at our Retail Client and Support Level 3 Team in a variety of functions.  Initial contract length 6 months with strong possibility of conversion to FTE after the contracting period System Analyst – Retail Store Systems POSITION SUMMARY Matrix looking for a Senior Systems Analyst for our online and retail client here in San Francisco. The Retail Point of Sales team is chartered with implementing, extending and supporting the Point-of-Sales application and platform. We are looking for a POS System Analyst with experience in retail industry to assist in supporting, maintaining and deploying POS and Mobile POS applications. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Provide 3 rd level support to existing POS and mPOS application. Work with POS team and vendor partners to ensure routine business processes are clearly documented and that the solutions meet the requirements. Support all phases from plan to deploy of future releases of POS software and components System Analysis and development experience within the Retail Point of Sales Application. Assist in testing and validation activities to support releases and enhancements. Responsible for effective project management, including estimating, developing, and monitoring project plans. Ability to create and modify technical support documents and to share knowledge and expertise within the IT team. Prepare regular status reporting and updates to management. Collaborate with business and IT stakeholders to define and document the requirements. Assist in the development of the business case, recommend methods for achieving solution, performs requirements elicitation, and recommends the solution risk approach. Provides strategic consulting level support and guidance. Demonstrate an informed knowledge of a business area to assist in the definition of systems requirements.    EXPERIENCE AND REQUIREMENTS POS Application Development Engineer, System Analyst and/or Support Analyst for major US retailer 3-5 years of support work experience in Java and/or .Net POS Application. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related technical field is desired (4 additional years of comparable work experience beyond the required years of experience may be substituted) Experienced in deploying and supporting retail software solutions Candidate must possess a strong attention to detail; superior follow-up skills and be result oriented with strong oral / written communications ability. Able to effectively communicate to technical and non-technical staff at all levels of the organization Must be able to take on call shift periodically and periodically be available for 24/7 support Experience with Windows Operating Systems, installing, maintaining, and patching applications. Familiarity with Distributed Computing Platforms.