Patient Services Coordinator

Location: NewYork-Presbyterian/NewYork-Presbyterian/Columbia University Medical Center

Best in Care and Caring: Make It Possible at NewYork-Presbyterian

NewYork-Presbyterian is a premier destination for talented health care administrators. With patients and physicians from around the globe, ours is a fast-paced, high- performance culture. Join us. Champion patient rights, while offering front-line risk management for the #1-ranked hospital in New York (U.S. News & World Report). Be the face of Making It Possible:

Patient Services Coordinator

In this role, you'll serve as first response, identifying significant events and recommending positive solutions while proactively mitigating potential liability and safety issues for the hospital. You will be a key liaison and mediator, providing a centralized and consistent patient resource and grievance mechanism to ensure patients' rights are recognized. This is a high-visibility position that demands tremendous interpersonal communications and public relations skills, as you'll be working with several departments across the organization to ensure the best quality of care for patients and their families. Provide preemptive support and join a dedicated team that lives the mission of putting patients first.

Key Criteria

Candidates with healthcare experience, specifically in a hospital environment, are strongly preferred. Candidates who are bilingual in English/Spanish are strongly encouraged to apply. Ideal candidates have excellent written communication and conflict resolution skills. Qualified candidates possess a bachelor's degree and have at least five years of previous experience. Candidates must have a strong passion for patient care and helping others navigate through the healthcare system.

With patient and employee satisfaction levels at record highs, it’s an ideal time to join our team. Enjoy benefits ranging from hospital housing to hospital retirement contributions, financial planning assistance and more.

----------------------------------

#1 in New York. #6 in the Nation. - U.S.News & World Report, "America's Best Hospitals 2014 - 2015"

Discover why we're #1 in New York - an unparalleled pursuit of excellence in patient care and the widest array of choices for your career. Learn more about what we can offer you at: www.nyp.org/careers

NewYork-Presbyterian is an equal opportunity employer.

Job ID: 720153

Loading...

An error occurred. Please try again.

Email this job to me

Send New Search Back to Results

Already a NYP employee? Visit the NYP Job Search.

Apply Now
Refer a friend

Not ready to apply? Connect with us.