
 Discipline


Registered Nurse


 Specialty


Case Manager


 Subspecialty




 Shift


8 D/E


 Duration


13 Weeks


 Start Date


ASAP


 Pay Rate


$48.00 - $53.00


 Job Description & Requirements



 Case Management Nurse - Case Manager - (CM RN)


Exclusive Order to AMN. Nestled in the foothills of the Coyote Valley in South San Jose, this Medical Center is comprised of a full service, 242 licensed-bed hospital. Located only one hour from the San Francisco, with great weather year round to enjoy expansive open spaces, beautiful parks, trails, and local and regional attractions.


The Case Manager for this 220 bed hospital will work in a team of 10 -11 per day. Average daily census is 130-150 adult and geriatrics patients. Will work with specialties in Orthopedics- Total Joint, Regional Spine Center, Nephrology and Oncology.


Start:

9/29, 10/6

Shift

8D/E 2p- 10:30p

8 Night 6:00p - 2:00a

every-other weekend required; poss holidays and occasional nights



The role of the case management nurse is to coordinate continuity of care for patients often as a liason between the patient’s family and healthcare organization, ensuring that the proper treatment is administered at the appropriate time to maximize health and well-being while also minimizing the need for hospitalization. The CM RN strives to promote self-managed care and the use of healthcare resources in the most cost-effective way possible, working with patients of all ages and conditions, but primarily focusing on a specific population, such as children, families, the elderly, HIV/AIDS, acute care, or other specialties. Work is administered in a variety of settings, including HMOs, community health organizations, long-term care facilities, behavioral health programs, rehabilitation centers, schools, and case management companies.


 Required Qualifications


Case Management experience in Emergency Department Discharge Planning Experence in an acute care setting BLS certification


 Preferred Qualifications


Health Connect


 About the Facility


Recipient of the American Stroke Association’s Gold Award, this medical center is also accredited as a Primary Stroke Center by both The Joint Commission and the American Heart Association, and is its region’s referral center for genetics and autism spectrum disorders. Full-service hospital and outpatient medical offices are also offered.


 Facility Location


Ranked as the fifth most popular place to live in America, it’s no wonder that traveling health care professionals enjoy packing their bags for San Jose. Once a sleepy orchard town, the prosperity of Silicon Valley has transformed this area into a thriving city of fine restaurants, great shopping, world-class arts and culture, a state-of-the-art light-rail system and plenty of big-city excitement.


 Job Benefits


At American Mobile Healthcare we take care of our travelers! We offer:


  Competitive pay rates
 

  Free, quality, private housing
 

  Medical, Dental, Vision
 

  401(k) and Flex Spending
 

  Life Insurance
 

  Accident and Short-term Disability Coverage
 

  Free Continuing Education
 

  Refer a friend and earn extra cash!
 



 About the Company


Since its inception in 1985, American Mobile Healthcare has set the highest standards in professional recruitment for the travel healthcare industry. Our professional staffing team offers unparalleled customer service and industry commitment, as well as top pay and benefits. AMN Healthcare is an EEO/AA/Disability/Protected Veteran Employer.  We encourage minority and female applicants to apply

