Description Role Description Business Analyst, CRM This position is for a Business Analyst The candidate will be the primary liaison between NY and MSAS and will be responsible for leading the requirements for many of the CRM enhancement projects that we have this year. They will be the main point of contact to help coordinate any SRS gaps raised by the development teams and work with the program management team to ensure the gaps are reviewed by the business and prioritized before any development action is taken on them. This role requires a strong business analyst background with deep understanding of CRM applications and functionality. The candidate should be able to convert business requirements into detailed functional requirements. The candidate should be extremely detailed oriented, and able to take ownership of issues, perform detailed analysis and drive all issues to closure with minimal supervision. The candidate should also have good understanding of technological solutions and the ability to assess if a technical solution would be feasible to fulfill a set of business requirements. In addition, the candidate should be well spoken and have the ability to facilitate discussions and present findings to business, operations and other senior stake holders. The Candidate would play a lead role in the execution of the Program with the following responsibilities Analysis, documentation and support of CRM requirements Work closely with development team offshore to ensure requirements are translated appropriately and serve as a single point of contact for remediating any requirement related issues or gaps that are identified. Work closely with the QA and UAT teams to ensure QA and UAT tests scripts are an accurate representation of the requirements. Actively involved in QA and UAT, as well as defect triage calls to ensure defects are being raised appropriately and to help manage scope creep on new requirements enhancements. Track and manage requirement milestones to completion and provide regular status to the Program Manager. The candidate should be flexible, highly adaptable and excellent team player. The role requires credibility and confidence interacting with senior management, business unit personnel, branch offices and the technology team across the full lifecycle of a project. The candidate should expect to work in a global virtual team along with NY and India team members, sometimes across multiple time zones. The ideal candidate will be a self motivated team player committed to delivering on time and should be able to work under minimal supervision. Educational Requirements Bachelor'sMaster's Degree from a top tier university. Years of Experience 8+ years of experience in financial services as a Business Analyst. Skills required The key skills required are 5+ years hands-on experience performing detailed business analysis and requirements specifications creation for complex brokerdealer systems 8+ years in financial services settings Previous experience with CRM applications a plus. Also a plus if the user has worked at MS previously and has familiarity with the 3D application. Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects and competing priorities simultaneously. Critical thinking and translation of business needs into technology solutions. Good problem solving skills. Ability to analyze vague project requests and clarify into specific tasks, next steps and deliverables Excellent writtenoral communication skills and listening skills Full systems development life cycle experience Solid knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, including Microsoft Visio Should have experience 3+ years of working with geographically dispersed teams that fall across different time zones Excellent root cause analysis skills Experience with metrics gathering, tracking, and reporting Full systems development life cycle experience Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Project, Viso) as well as SharePoint Wireframe and mock ups ALM Skills Desired Knowledge of Additional brokerage processes including banking functions, brokerage functions, and account management Princeton Information is one of the nation's top five privately-held IT consulting firms, in business since
1985. Princeton Information services a clientele of primarily Fortune 500 companies nationwide. With annual revenues over 120 million, Princeton Information operates across the US from multiple regional offices. Our Commitment to Our Consultants As a privately held company, Princeton Information is solely committed to the success of clients and consultants 
- not to any shareholders. PI's success is grounded in the relationships we build with our consultants. We seek the best people provide career path counseling as well as the most challenging opportunities in business and in IT. As part of its culture of loyalty and commitment to its consultants, Princeton Information is committed to doing all we can to ensure our consultants have the best possible search, placement and work experience possible. Our Services Working with one Princeton Recruiter will gain you access to over 500 open requirements with the top clients in the US across all industries (finance, insurance, pharmaceutical, commercial, telecom, media, manufacturing) nationwide. Our local recruiters have in-depth knowledge of our clients and opportunities. They will work with you to find you the best possible opportunities for you and your career. Our Relationships Our relationships with our clients, as well as our consultants, are critical to our success! We have a robust sales organization that ensures that Princeton has the inside track on what attributes a person needs in order to be successfully placed and engaged at our clients. We know the technical and non-technical skills that our clients are looking for and we ensure that you are educated about the client prior to your interview with them. Princeton is committed to going above and beyond to ensure that each meeting you have with a client is a successful one! (BUSINESS ANALYST over 1 year(s) ) AND (BROKER DEALER over 1 year(s) OR BROKER-DEALER over 1 year(s) OR BROKER/DEALER over 1 year(s) )