Senior CMS-Business Systems Analyst This is a one-year contract in Pleasanton working on a new Enterprise CMS implementation. The Snr. CMS-Business Systems Analyst will have experience implementing a new Enterprise Web Management CMS system (ex. IBM, Adobe, Oracle, HP, etc.) Our client is seeking a CMS PM Business Systems Analyst to join their Interactive Services Group as a key team member working with an Agile methodology. Will use business and technical knowledge to participate in various web related projects that align with corporate web initiatives. Evaluates and documents business requirements, develops test plans and validates new system functionality, and assists with the coordination of agile releases. Will work closely with business project team, IT development team, and other Business Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) to deliver quality project related results. We are looking for a well-rounded individual with digitalweb development acumen, strong business analysis and leadership skills, good organizational and project management skills, and a team player attitude. Responsibilities Seeking a strong and collaborative Senior Business Analyst to lead, manage and support a highly visible program for the ISG group. Responsible for the implementation and support efforts for the migration of the corporate website to a new enterprise CMS technical architecture. This individual will have exposure to multiple levels of the organization and must have the ability to build relationships both with our business stakeholders and technical partners. Serve as a subject matter expert for the new enterprise based content management system. Knowledge of an enterprise CMS system is required. Responsible for documentation and tracking of all CMS technical issues and partnering with the Product Owner and IT to identify resolution(s). Requires the ability to partner with internal clients at all levels to define scope and translate business needs to solid and actionable business requirements. Responsible for documenting end user functionality for support and training purposes, unit testing and the coordination of user acceptance testing, and may facilitate training as required. Document process and procedures for working with IT to execute various needs. Exposure to network hosting and website architecture components is a plus. Demonstrated ability to create, interpret and apply standard policies, procedures and other established guidelines, and the ability to understand and execute both technical and business concepts. Effective analyticalproblem solving and research skills Exposure to project management processes (WaterfallAgile) with a focus on the requirements gathering and testing phases. Fosters Agile principles and methods for requirement gathering. Carries out user story mapping, process analysis, data analysis and user interface design work as required. Manage Vendor Efforts and relationships as needed. Qualifications Bachelor's degree and at least five years of relevant experience with exposure to agile methodology and working on web project teams. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Must be able to effectively communicate with business stakeholders using business terminology as well as possess a strong technical background to enable comprehensive business-IT alignment. Advanced analyticalproblem solving, organizational and research skills. Ability to work independently and lead others during projects. Must be process and detail oriented with a focus on quality. Experience using an enterprise content management system. ABOUT AQUENT When you work for Aquent, you qualify for subsidized medical, dental and vision insurance after working only four consecutive weeks maintaining an average of 20 hours per week. If this job isn't the right fit for you but you know someone who is, please pass this job posting on! We have a fantastic referral program that pays out in cash rewards CMS, BUSINESS SYSTEMS ANALYST, CONTENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM, IMPLEMENTATION, ENTERPRISE